node.js command line apps readme added (#2900)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/106-nodejs-command-line-apps/readme.md

> # Nodejs command line apps
> 
> Command Line Applications are the application which can be run from the command line. They are also called CLI (Command Line Interface) applications.
> 
> Users can interact with clis entirely by terminal commands. They are very useful for automation and for building tools.
> 
> <!-- read link line -->
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://learn.co/lessons/intro-to-cli-applications'>Intro To Cli Applications</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Command Line Applications

Command Line Applications are applications that can be run from the command line. They are also called CLI (Command Line Interface) applications. Users can interact with clients entirely by terminal commands. They are very useful for automation and building tools.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://learn.co/lessons/intro-to-cli-applications'>Intro To CLI Applications</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.okta.com/blog/2019/06/18/command-line-app-with-nodejs'>Build a Command Line Application with Node.js</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='red' badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oHByo8tiEY'> 5-Minute Node.js CLI Project</BadgeLink>
```
